[ADD] VoIP: Axivox Documentation Grouping (#5256)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/voip/transfer_forward.rst

==========================================
Make, receive, transfer, and forward calls
==========================================

Call prospective clients, customers, or colleagues is an essential part of any business. A company
also needs to be available when the customer calls in, to build trust and make connections. This
document covers how to make, receive, transfer, and forward calls with *VoIP*.

> Make calls

Reviewer: aren't spoon feeding a bit here? I know Odoo is sometimes complex to use but explaining that the green phone icon is for answering and the red one is for hanging up seems like going a step too far in verbosity. I doubt users who struggles will that would even manage to find this documentation page.

==========

Starting on the Odoo dashboard, a call can be made by clicking on the :guilabel:`phone widget` in
the upper right corner. The widget is represented by a :guilabel:`☎️ (phone)` icon. A user can click

> on the :guilabel:`Contacts` tab and click into any contact in the database to make a call quickly.

Author: Noted, thanks! I will make the changes

> on the :guilabel:`Contacts` tab and click into any contact in the database to make a call quickly.

Author: I've combed through and made all the necessary changes.

   this: `+1`. If one were to dial Belgium, the number would be prefixed by `+32` and for Great
   Britain it would be `+44`.

After entering the full number in with the :guilabel:`+ (plus)` icon  and country code, then simply
click the green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon to start the call, and then click the red :guilabel:`📞
(phone)` icon to end the call.

.. image:: transfer_forward/manual-call.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Using the VoIP phone widget to make calls.

Receive calls
=============

Receive calls into the Odoo :guilabel:`phone widget` easily. An incoming call opens up the
:guilabel:`phone widget` when a user in using the Odoo database. Should the database be open in an
open tab, then a sound plays (the sound must be activated on the device). Once back to the tab, the
calling screen of the :guilabel:`phone widget` appears.

Click the green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon to pick up or the red :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon to
reject the call.

.. image:: transfer_forward/incoming-call.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Incoming call on the VoIP widget, with the call answer and call reject buttons highlighted.

Add to call queue
=================

> Keeping track of calls that need to be made on any given day can be cumbersome, but using the phone
> widget activities tracker calling is streamlined. All the contacts and customers that need to be
> made can be seen in one simple place on the Odoo phone widget, under the :guilabel:`Next activities`
> tab.
> 
> To add a call to the :guilabel:`Next activities` tab simply click the green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)`
> icon in kanban view of the *CRM* application. To remove them again from the call queue, just hover
> over the opportunity with a call scheduled, and click on the red :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon that
> appears with the :guilabel:`- (minus)` icon. When navigating back to the *phone widget* only the
> calls that are scheduled immediately for that day appears in the queue under the :guilabel:`Next
> Activities` tab.
> 
> .. image:: transfer_forward/add-call-queue.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Adding a call to the next activities tab in the VoIP phone widget.
> 
> *Next activities* integration with the :guilabel:`phone widget` works with the following apps:
> *CRM*, *Project*, *Helpdesk*. A call can be added in the chatter of these records. To manually add a
> call via the chatter, click :guilabel:`Activities` (Next to the :guilabel:`🕗 (clock)` icon). Under
> :guilabel:`Activity Type`, select :guilabel:`Call` from the dropdown. Next, set a :guilabel:`Due
> Date` and add a :guilabel:`Summary`. Lastly, change the :guilabel:`Assigned to` field to the person
> that should make the call. Whomever is set in this last field (:guilabel:`Assigned to`), has this
> call show up in their :guilabel:`Next Activities` call queue in the :guilabel:`phone widget`.
> 
> .. important::
>    Only calls for the immediate day (today's date) will appear in the :guilabel:`Next Activities`
>    tab of the :guilabel:`phone widget` for the specific user.
> 
> If specified, click :guilabel:`Save` or :guilabel:`Open Calendar` to complete scheduling the call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the contacts and customers that need to be called can be seen in one place with the Odoo *VoIP*
phone widget, under the :guilabel:`Next activities` tab.

To add a call to the :guilabel:`Next activities` tab, click the green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon,
while in kanban view of the *CRM* application.

To remove them from the call queue, hover over the opportunity that has a call scheduled, and click
the red :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon that appears with the :guilabel:`- (minus)` icon.

When navigating back to the *VoIP* phone widget, **only** the calls that are scheduled immediately
for that day appear in the queue under the :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab of the *VoIP* pop-up
widget.

.. image:: transfer_forward/add-call-queue.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Adding a call to the next activities tab in the VoIP phone widget.

The :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab of the *VoIP* phone widget is integrated with the following Odoo
apps: *CRM*, *Project*, and *Helpdesk*.

A call can be added in the chatter of records within those applications.

To manually add a call, via the chatter, click :guilabel:`Activities` (next to the :guilabel:`🕗
(clock)` icon). Under :guilabel:`Activity Type`, select :guilabel:`Call` from the drop-down menu
that appears.

Next, set a :guilabel:`Due Date`, and add a :guilabel:`Summary`.

Lastly, change the :guilabel:`Assigned to` field to the person that should make the call. Whomever
is set in this last field (:guilabel:`Assigned to`), has this call show up in their :guilabel:`Next
Activities` call queue in the Odoo *VoIP* phone widget.

.. important::
   Only calls for the immediate day (today's date) appear in the :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab of
   the *VoIP* phone widget for that specific user.

If specified, click :guilabel:`Save`, or :guilabel:`Open Calendar`, to complete scheduling the call.
```
 I think a screenshot of the Next Activities tab in the VOIP pop-up widget could prove useful here.

Author: I've added in a screenshot. Made necessary edits.

Transfer calls
==============

> A call can be transferred from one user to another in the :guilabel:`phone widget`. This can only
> occur after speaking to the caller first though. Without picking up the call in the :guilabel:`phone
> widget`, then the only way to transfer a call is automatically though the provider console/portal.
> 
> .. seealso::
>    For more information on transfers visit :ref:`axivox/forwardings_tab`.
> 
> To transfer a call within the :guilabel:`phone widget`, first, answer the call using the
> green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon. Once the incoming call is answered, then click on the left-right
> :guilabel:`↔ (arrow)` icon. Now, enter the extension of the user that the call should be forwarded
> to. Finally, click :guilabel:`Transfer` to route the call to the phone number.
> 
> .. tip::
>    To find the extension for a user, consult the :abbr:`VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol)`
>    administrator or if the user has Settings access rights to Administration, then navigate to
>    :menuselection:`Settings App --> Manage Users --> Select the user --> Preferences --> VOIP -->
>    VoIP username / Extension number`.
> 
>    For more information on access rights visit: :doc:`../users/access_rights`
> 
> .. image:: transfer_forward/transfer.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Transferring a call within the phone widget, with the transfer buttons highlighted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A call can be transferred from one user to another in the Odoo *VoIP* phone widget. However, this
can **only** occur after speaking to the caller first. Without picking up the call in the Odoo
*VoIP* phone widget, the only way to transfer a call is automatically though the provider
console/portal.

.. seealso::
   For more information on transfers, visit :ref:`axivox/forwardings_tab`.

To transfer a call within the Odoo *VoIP* phone widget, first, answer the call using the
green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon.

Once the incoming call is answered, click the :guilabel:`↔ (left-right arrow)` icon. Then, enter the
extension of the user the call should be forwarded to. Finally, click :guilabel:`Transfer` to route
the call to that phone number.

.. tip::
   To find the extension for a user, consult the :abbr:`VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol)`
   administrator, or, if the user has Settings access rights to Administration, navigate to
   :menuselection:`Settings App --> Manage Users --> Select the user --> Preferences --> VOIP -->
   VoIP username / Extension number`.

   For more information on access rights, visit: :doc:`../users/access_rights`

.. image:: transfer_forward/transfer.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Transferring a call within the phone widget, with the transfer buttons highlighted.
```

Forward calls
=============

> To forward a call within the :guilabel:`phone widget`, first, answer the call using the
> green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon. Once the incoming call is answered, then click on the left-right
> :guilabel:`↔ (arrow)` icon. Now, enter the full phone number of the user that the call should be
> forwarded to. Finally, click :guilabel:`Transfer` to route the call to the phone number.
> 
> .. seealso::
>    For more information on forwarding visit :ref:`axivox/forwardings_tab`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To forward a call within the Odoo *VoIP* phone widget, first, answer the call using the green
:guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon. Once the incoming call is answered, click the :guilabel:`↔ (left-right
arrow)` icon.

Then, enter the full phone number of the user the call should be forwarded to. Finally, click
:guilabel:`Transfer` to route the call to that phone number.

.. seealso::
   For more information on forwarding, visit :ref:`axivox/forwardings_tab`.
```

Additionally, one can also use the :guilabel:`Search bar` in the :guilabel:`VOIP` pop-up window to
find any desired contact.

.. image:: transfer_forward/widget-operation.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Using the VoIP phone widget to make calls.

To manually make a call, click the :guilabel:`⌨️ (keyboard)` icon, and proceed to manually key in
the desired number. Do not forget to lead with the :guilabel:`+ (plus)` icon, followed by the
international country code.

.. example::
   For the United States of America, the country code and :guilabel:`+ (plus)` icon, would look like
   this: `+1`. If one were to dial Belgium, the number would be prefixed by `+32`, and for Great
   Britain it would be `+44`.

After entering the full number, with the required :guilabel:`+ (plus)` icon prefix and country code,
click the green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon to start the call. When finished, click the red
:guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon to end the call.

.. image:: transfer_forward/manual-call.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Using the VoIP phone widget to make calls.

Receive calls
=============

An incoming call automatically opens the *VoIP* widget, when a user is using the Odoo database.

> Should the database be open in an open tab, a sound plays (the sound **must** be activated on the
> device).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Should the database be open in another tab, a sound plays (the sound **must** be activated on the
device).
```

while in kanban view of the *CRM* application.

To remove them from the call queue, hover over the opportunity that has a call scheduled, and click
the red :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon that appears with the :guilabel:`- (minus)` icon.

When navigating back to the *VoIP* phone widget, **only** the calls that are scheduled immediately
for that day appear in the queue under the :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab of the *VoIP* pop-up
widget.

.. image:: transfer_forward/add-call-queue.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Adding a call to the next activities tab in the VoIP phone widget.

The :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab of the *VoIP* phone widget is integrated with the following Odoo
apps: *CRM*, *Project*, and *Helpdesk*.

A call can be added in the chatter of records within those applications.

To manually add a call, via the chatter, click :guilabel:`Activities` (next to the :guilabel:`🕗
(clock)` icon). Under :guilabel:`Activity Type`, select :guilabel:`Call` from the drop-down menu
that appears.

Next, set a :guilabel:`Due Date`, and add a :guilabel:`Summary`.

Lastly, change the :guilabel:`Assigned to` field to the person that should make the call. Whomever

> is set in this last field (:guilabel:`Assigned to`), has this call show up in their :guilabel:`Next

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is set in this last field (:guilabel:`Assigned to`) has this call show up in their :guilabel:`Next
```

Activities` call queue in the Odoo *VoIP* phone widget.

.. important::
   Only calls for the immediate day (today's date) appear in the :guilabel:`Next Activities` tab of
   the *VoIP* phone widget for that specific user.

> If specified, click :guilabel:`Save`, or :guilabel:`Open Calendar`, to complete scheduling the call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If specified, click :guilabel:`Save` or :guilabel:`Open Calendar` to complete the scheduling of the
call.
```
